Then die together
Come on, wait, wait.
Big brother tied a detonator
How dare you play with your life?
I hurt you.
Big brother, the man doesn't eat, and he fainted in front of him.
Why don't we withdraw?
Retreat your mother
Look at your evil bear
What the hell do I usually teach you?
Just such a small scene is fucking intimidated
Then what the hell are you playing?
It's not that I dare not
Brother, the main reason is that the risk is a bit too big.
Brothers, this is the advantage
100,000 is enough
I'll put it out there today.
Anyone who can borrow a table to pick their arms
I'll add 100,000
Whoever catches Gu Ling'er
I'll pay 500,000
Hey you
You fucking think I'm afraid of you if you tie a detonator?
I'll tell you what.
Your little trick
I played it ten years ago
Do you dare to order?
You order one for me to try, and I will satisfy you.
Oh my god this kid is so exciting
How the hell dare you?
Big brother go, big brother boy
You're lucky this time
Scared me to death
Stop, don't be afraid of a firecracker
Why are they all back?
Borrowing to handle the case
Lock down the scene